Returns Processor User Manual

Please refer to readme.txt for installation instructions.

Starting:
Double-click on the ReturnsProcessor.jar to start the application.

Exiting:
Click on the close-window button at the upper-left of the main application window.
If there is unsaved progress a confirmation dialog will be presented to confirm
that you would like to exit without saving.

Use:
Use of the application is as simple as entering a product code OR UPC, a good
or reject quantity, and then pressing the 'Add Count' button.

Two entry modes are available -- manual, and auto-enter on UPC entry.  The mode
is selected via the check-box at the top of the window labeled 'Auto-Enter on UPC entry).
Not Checked = Manual Mode
Checked = Auto-Enter Mode
In Manual Mode you must manually input the good and reject product quantities
and press the 'Add Count' button.
In Auto-Enter Mode you must start by selecting the UPC-entry text-box.  From then on
you may use a scan-gun (or manual entry) to enter a UPC code into the text box.  The
count for that product will be automatically incremented by one.  This mode is most
useful for counting boxes of product one product at a time, scanning each one as you
go.

To edit an existing count either select it manually from the product view table
or press the 'Search' button to search by code.  After selecting a product, you
may edit the good and reject quantities in the provided boxes.  Once you have
finished updating the quantities, press the 'Update Record' button to finalize
the change.

Saving:
To save your progress, press the 'Save' button.  A file selection dialog will be
opened where you may specify the path and name of the file to save to.  Regardless
of chosen extension, the data will internally be in .CSV format.

Loading:
To load a previously saved count-sheet, press the 'Load' button.  A file selection
dialog will be opened where you may navigate to and select your previous sheet.
The chosen file should be a previously saved file from this application -- any 
other files will not load properly and could cause errors or cause the application
to crash.

